samples: matter: Added config to inform about experimental support (#6403)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

* |no_changes_yet_note|

Matter
------

> * Added selecting config informing that Matter support is experimental.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added ``EXPERIMENTAL`` select in Kconfig that informs that Matter support is experimental.
```
